#301: Update PTB and workflows and activate generation of GH pages (#302)
exasol/script-languages-container-tool: README.rst

statement that can be used to activate the script language container in
the database.

How to activate a script language container in the database
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If you uploaded a container manually, you can generate the language
activation statement with

.. code:: bash

   exaslct generate-language-activation --flavor-path=flavors/<flavor-name> --bucketfs-name <bucketfs-name> \
                                            --bucket-name <bucket-name> --path-in-bucket <path/in/bucket> --container-name <container-name>

where <container-name> is the name of the uploaded archive without its
file extension. To activate the language, execute the generated
statement in your database session to activate the container for the
current session or system wide.

This command will print a SQL statement to activate the language similar
to the following one:

.. code:: bash

   ALTER SESSION SET SCRIPT_LANGUAGES='<LANGUAGE_ALIAS>=localzmq+protobuf:///<bucketfs-name>/<bucket-name>/<path-in-bucket>/<container-name>?lang=<language>#buckets/<bucketfs-name>/<bucket-name>/<path-in-bucket>/<container-name>/exaudf/exaudfclient[_py3]';

> **Please, refer to the** `User Guide <doc/user_guide/user_guide.rst>`__

Reviewer: current link broken
```suggestion
**Please, refer to the** :doc:`User Guide <user_guide/user_guide>`.
```

**for more detailed information, how to use exalsct.**

Features
--------

- Build a script language container as docker images
- Export a script language container as an archive which can be used for
  extending Exasol UDFs
- Upload a script language container as an archive to the Exasol DB’s
  BucketFS
- Generating the activation command for a script language container
- Can use Docker registries, such as Docker Hub, as a cache to avoid
  rebuilding image without changes
- Can push Docker images to Docker registries
- Run tests for you container against an Exasol DB (docker-db or
  external db)

📚 Documentation
----------------

> For futher details, checkout the latest `documentation <https://exasol.github.io/exasol-script-languages-container-tool/>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further details, check out the latest `documentation <https://exasol.github.io/exasol-script-languages-container-tool/>`__.
```

Author: Done
